Program  2 - grade tracking (Ekam)


Create a special list to keep track of each student's grades. The list will have the names of the students as keys, and their grades for each assignment as values.
Make a list of options for the teacher: Enter, Edit, View, and Exit.
Ask the teacher to choose an option and do what they picked.
For the "Enter" option:
Ask the teacher to put in the grades for each student.
Go through the list of 5 students and do the following:
Ask the teacher for the name of the student.
Make a blank list to store the grades for this student.
Go through the list of 6 assignments and do the following:
Ask the teacher for the grade for that assignment.
Add the grade to the student's list of grades.
Add the student and their grades to the special list.
For the "Edit" option:
Ask the teacher to put in the name of the student they want to change grades for.
Check if the student is in the special list. If not, show an error message.
If the student is in the list, go through the list of 6 assignments and do the following:
Ask the teacher for the new grade for that assignment.
Change the grade for that assignment in the student's list of grades.
For the "View" option:
Check if there are no grades in the special list. If so, show a message that says no grades have been entered.
If there are grades, go through each student and do the following:
Show the name of the student.
Go through their grades and show each assignment and its grade.
For the "Exit" option:
End the program or stop the loop to finish the program.
Make sure to check and handle any mistakes the teacher might make when putting in information, like making sure the grades are valid and the student names are correct.
Try out the program to make sure each option works correctly.
Enter, edit, and view grades for different students and assignments to make sure the system is accurate.
This plan shows the steps to create a program that keeps track of grades for assignments. You can begin writing the code in Python using these steps to make the complete system.



